Appended Books and Podcasts section to end of Resources page [Fixes #3181] (#3524)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/learn/index.md

- [The Challenges of Building Ethereum Infrastructure](https://medium.com/@lopp/the-challenges-of-building-ethereum-infrastructure-87e443e47a4b) _Jan 8, 2018 - Jameson Lopp_
- [Parsimonious Answers to Difficult Questions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOkSg0BuSdw&feature=youtu.be) _(Video) March 10, 2019 - Rick Dudley_
- [There’s no good reason to trust blockchain technology](https://www.wired.com/story/theres-no-good-reason-to-trust-blockchain-technology/) _Feb 6, 2019 - Bruce Schneier_

> ## Books and podcasts {#books-and-podcasts}

Reviewer: I think its worthwhile throwing the Mastering Ethereum book in here as well for developers: https://github.com/ethereumbook/ethereumbook

Author: That's a good one! I appended it to the list of books.

- [The Challenges of Building Ethereum Infrastructure](https://medium.com/@lopp/the-challenges-of-building-ethereum-infrastructure-87e443e47a4b) _Jan 8, 2018 - Jameson Lopp_
- [Parsimonious Answers to Difficult Questions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOkSg0BuSdw&feature=youtu.be) _(Video) March 10, 2019 - Rick Dudley_
- [There’s no good reason to trust blockchain technology](https://www.wired.com/story/theres-no-good-reason-to-trust-blockchain-technology/) _Feb 6, 2019 - Bruce Schneier_

## Books and podcasts {#books-and-podcasts}

Books on Ethereum and Cryptocurrencies:

> - [Out of the Ether: The Amazing Story of Ethereum and the $55 Million Heist that Almost Destroyed It All](https://www.amazon.com/Out-Ether-Amazing-Ethereum-Destroyed/dp/1119602939) _September 29, 2020 - Matthew Leising_
> - [The Infinite Machine: How an Army of Crypto-hackers Is Building the Next Internet with Ethereum](https://www.amazon.com/Infinite-Machine-Crypto-hackers-Building-Internet/dp/0062886142) _July 14, 2020 - Camila Russo_
> - [The Age of Cryptocurrency: How Bitcoin and the Blockchain Are Challenging the Global Economic Order](https://www.amazon.com/Age-Cryptocurrency-Blockchain-Challenging-Economic/dp/1250081556) _January 12, 2016 - Paul Vigna, Michael J. Casey_
> - [The Truth Machine: The Blockchain and the Future of Everything](https://www.amazon.com/Truth-Machine-Blockchain-Future-Everything/dp/1250114578) _February 27, 2018 - Paul Vigna, Michael J. Casey_
> - [Digital Gold: Bitcoin and the Inside Story of the Misfits and Millionaires Trying to Reinvent Money](https://www.amazon.com/Digital-Gold-Bitcoin-Millionaires-Reinvent/dp/006236250X) _May 24, 2021 - Nathaniel Popper_
> - [Kings of Crypto: One Startup's Quest to Take Cryptocurrency Out of Silicon Valley and Onto Wall Street](https://www.amazon.com/Kings-Crypto-Startups-Cryptocurrency-Silicon/dp/1647820189) _December 15, 2020 - Jeff John Roberts_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Out of the Ether: The Amazing Story of Ethereum and the $55 Million Heist that Almost Destroyed It All](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55360267-out-of-the-ether) _September 29, 2020 - Matthew Leising_
- [The Infinite Machine: How an Army of Crypto-hackers Is Building the Next Internet with Ethereum](https://www.goodreads.com/en/book/show/50175330-the-infinite-machine) _July 14, 2020 - Camila Russo_
- [The Age of Cryptocurrency: How Bitcoin and the Blockchain Are Challenging the Global Economic Order](https://www.goodreads.com/en/book/show/22174460-the-age-of-cryptocurrency) _January 12, 2016 - Paul Vigna, Michael J. Casey_
- [The Truth Machine: The Blockchain and the Future of Everything](https://www.goodreads.com/en/book/show/34964890-the-truth-machine) _February 27, 2018 - Paul Vigna, Michael J. Casey_
- [Digital Gold: Bitcoin and the Inside Story of the Misfits and Millionaires Trying to Reinvent Money](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23546676-digital-gold) _May 24, 2021 - Nathaniel Popper_
- [Kings of Crypto: One Startup's Quest to Take Cryptocurrency Out of Silicon Valley and Onto Wall Street](https://www.goodreads.com/en/book/show/56274031-kings-of-crypto) _December 15, 2020 - Jeff John Roberts_
```
